Stock Name: googl

Previous Close: $164.68                
Day Range: $164.68
Year Range: $120.21 - $191.75            
Market Cap: 2.01T USD  
Average Volume: 27.29M   
P/E Ratio: 23.72  
Dividend Yield: 0.49%  
Exchange: NASDAQ                 

Analyst Ratings
Aug 19, 2024    Laura Martin  Needham   Strong Buy   Reiterates  +28.95% $210  

Aug 14, 2024    Laura Martin  Needham   Strong Buy   Reiterates  +28.95% $210  

Aug 6, 2024    Brian Pitz  BMO Capital   Buy   Maintains  +36.32% $222  

Aug 6, 2024    Laura Martin  Needham   Strong Buy   Reiterates  +28.95% $210  

Jul 31, 2024    Laura Martin  Needham   Strong Buy   Reiterates  +28.95% $210  

Jul 30, 2024    Andrew Boone  JMP Securities   Buy   Reiterates  +22.81% $200  

Jul 24, 2024    Michael Morris  Guggenheim   Strong Buy   Maintains  +25.88% $195 → $205  

Jul 24, 2024    Andrew Boone  JMP Securities   Buy   Reiterates  +22.81% $200  

Jul 24, 2024    Scott Devitt  Wedbush   Buy   Reiterates  +25.88% $205  

Jul 24, 2024    Ronald Josey  Citigroup   Strong Buy   Maintains  +30.18% $190 → $212  

Jul 24, 2024    Brad Erickson  RBC Capital   Buy   Maintains  +25.27% $200 → $204  

Jul 24, 2024    Lloyd Walmsley  UBS   Hold   Maintains  +25.27% $200 → $204  

Jul 24, 2024    Rohit Kulkarni  Roth MKM   Strong Buy   Maintains  +26.50% $202 → $206  

Jul 24, 2024    Jason Helfstein  Oppenheimer   Buy   Maintains  +28.95% $205 → $210  

Jul 24, 2024    Thomas Champion  Piper Sandler   Buy   Maintains  +26.50% $200 → $206  

Jul 24, 2024    Youssef Squali  Truist Securities   Strong Buy   Maintains  +20.36% $190 → $196  

News
Title: Why Is Nvidia (NVDA) Stock Crashing After Beating “Expectations”?
Publisher: None
Related Tickers: ['NVDA', 'GOOG']
Link: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/why-nvidia-nvda-stock-crashing-014515430.html
Test: NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) just reported its latest earnings results. Nvidia's second-quarter earnings report exceeded expectations, with revenue reaching $30 billion, up 122% year-over-year and 15% quarter-over-quarter. This strong performance translated into adjusted earnings per share (EPS) of $0.68, surpassing analysts' forecasts of $28.6 billion and $0.64, respectively. Yet, NVDA stock is down around 7% after hours. Why?To answer this question, we have to take a look at NVIDIA Corporation's outlook for the current quarter. Here is what the company said:• Revenue is expected to be $32.5 billion, plus or minus 2%.• GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins are expected to be 74.4% and 75.0%, respectively, plus or minus 50 basis points. For the full year, gross margins are expected to be in the mid-70% range.Nvidia, SoftwarePhoto by Christian Wiediger on UnsplashNvidia's market cap before today's earnings report was $3.1 trillion. This means investors expect NVDA to earn around $140 billion per year once it becomes a more mature company like Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) which is currently trading at a forward P/E multiple of 21. NVIDIA Corporation's quarterly revenue and profit were $30 billion and $16.6 billion respectively though. Is it reasonable to assume that NVDA's quarterly profit can go from $16.6 billion today to $35 billion in a few years and then continue to grow at the same rate that GOOGL's quarterly profit is growing?Investors were surprised to see that NVDA projected only an 8% quarterly revenue growth rate for its next quarterly report (vs. 15% for the last quarter). The decline in quarterly revenue growth rate is really concerning and if the decline continues, it will be awfully clear to investors that NVDA will never get to the $140 billion annual profit figure that its current stock price is demanding.I am Insider Monkey's co-founder and its research director. We have been recommending a long position in NVDA since May of 2023 and the stock's performance has been good to our subscribers. I also personally own a small position in NVDA shares. However, I believe that NVDA's revenue projections have disappointed investors and they are responding by selling their shares. This is a well-deserved crash and NVDA shares might decline even more tomorrow when the markets open. While I acknowledge the potential of NVDA as an AI investment, my conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter timeframe. If you are looking for an AI stock that is as promising as NVDA but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.Story continues READ NEXT: Analyst Sees a New $25 Billion “Opportunity” for NVIDIA and 10 Best of Breed Stocks to Buy For The Third Quarter of 2024 According to Bank of America.Disclosure: This article was originally published at Insider Monkey.View comments



Title: Yelp Sues Google in Wake of Landmark Antitrust Ruling on Search
Publisher: None
Related Tickers: ['YELP', 'GOOG']
Link: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/yelp-sues-google-wake-landmark-002807473.html
Test: (Bloomberg) -- Online review site Yelp Inc. filed a lawsuit alleging that Google has illegal monopoly power in local search, in a sign of the legal headaches that may await the search giant following the US government’s landmark antitrust victory against the company.Most Read from BloombergTurkey Plans Istanbul Taxi Surge to Tackle ComplaintsIntergenerational Housing Could Help Older Adults Combat LonelinessAs Rural Hospitals Shutter Maternity Wards, Urban Ones FollowNazi Bunker’s Leafy Makeover Turns Ugly Past Into Urban EyecatcherA Loud Warning From the Past About Living With CarsYelp claims the Alphabet Inc. unit has an unfair edge in the market for local search and associated advertising, both spaces in which the San Francisco-based company has strived to compete with its detailed reviews of restaurants, beauty parlors and other establishments. Yelp has spoken out about what it considers to be Google’s anticompetitive conduct for well over a decade. But the timing of Yelp’s lawsuit, filed just weeks after a Washington federal judge ruled that Google illegally monopolized the search market through exclusive deals, suggests that more companies may be emboldened to take action against the search leader in the coming months.Yelp drew from US District Judge Amit Mehta’s decision to show how Google used its monopoly in the market for all-purpose search engines to dominate other spaces, Yelp General Counsel Aaron Schur said in an interview.Mehta’s findings “really do serve as the brick-and-mortar foundation for our own claims,” Schur said. “Our case is asserting that Google has abused that illegal monopoly in general search that has already been decided by Judge Mehta, and it’s using that monopoly to self-preference that inferior content in the adjacent market of local search and also the local search advertising market.”A Google spokesperson said in a statement that the company would “vigorously defend against Yelp’s meritless claims.”“Yelp’s claims are not new,’’ Google said, noting that similar allegations were thrown out years ago by the Federal Trade Commission, and recently by the judge in the US Justice Department’s case. “On the other aspects of the decision to which Yelp refers, we are appealing.”In its complaint, Yelp recounts how Google at first sought to move users off its search page and out onto the web as quickly as possible, giving rise to a thriving ecosystem of sites like Yelp that sought to provide the information consumers were seeking. But when Google saw just how lucrative it could be to help users find which plumber to hire or which pizza to order, it decided to enter the market itself, Yelp alleges.Story continuesYelp hopes its suit will bar Google from placing its own reviews above those of competitors, Schur said.“First and foremost we want Google to end its unlawful self-preferencing, which hurts consumers, hurts competition and hurts the businesses that pay for local search advertising,” Schur said. “That is really what we are focused on in this case.”Yelp has fought a multi-year battle in the US and the European Union against Google, which it has long accused of maintaining an illegal monopoly over the internet search market and in particular of abusing its dominant position by putting its own reviews higher in search results than those of its rivals.The Justice Department is now considering seeking to break up Google in what would be Washington’s first push to dismantle a company for illegal monopolization since unsuccessful efforts to break up Microsoft Corp. two decades ago. Less severe options include forcing Google to share more data with competitors and measures to prevent it from gaining an unfair advantage in AI products, Bloomberg News has reported.Google has said it will appeal the judge's ruling. The US plan will need to be accepted by Mehta, who would have to direct the company to comply. A forced breakup of Google would be the biggest of a US company since AT&T was dismantled in the 1980s.In the wake of the decision, Yelp may not be the only company reassessing its options.“I can’t speculate as to what other companies will do, but the self-preferencing that we describe in the complaint as a general matter isn’t unique to Yelp,” Schur said. “It’s not a unique story.”The lawsuit was earlier reported by the New York Times.Most Read from Bloomberg BusinessweekHow Rent Controls Are Deepening the Dutch Housing CrisisHong Kong’s Old Airport Becomes Symbol of City’s Property PainFar-Right ‘Terrorgram’ Chatrooms Are Fueling a Wave of Power Grid AttacksUS Tech Is Holding Back Some AI Products From EuropeLosing Your Job Used to Be Shameful. Now It’s a Whole Identity©2024 Bloomberg L.P.View comments



Title: Salesforce CEO on robot sales agents, Microsoft's AI letdowns, and big earnings beat
Publisher: None
Related Tickers: ['NVDA', 'IBM', 'GOOG', 'MSFT', 'CRM', 'AAPL']
Link: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/salesforce-ceo-on-robot-sales-agents-microsofts-ai-letdowns-and-big-earnings-beat-002024987.html
Test: A bounce-back quarter for Salesforce (CRM).Shares of the SaaS company popped 4% in after-hours trading on Wednesday as it bested Wall Street estimates on sales, operating margins, and earnings.The reaction — and tone around the quarter's performance — is in stark contrast to just three months ago, when the company shockingly missed sales estimates for the first time since 2006.Demand remains strong, and there are "big goals" for operating margins and cash flow, Salesforce co-founder and CEO Marc Benioff told me on Yahoo Finance.Sales increased 11% in Europe and 16% in Asia-Pacific on a constant currency basis. The company's Americas segment notched 8% sales growth."I don't think anyone expected a repeat performance of that [last quarter]," Third Bridge analyst Charlie Miner said on Yahoo Finance. Added Miner, "What I think a lot of people are excited about right now is the beat on adjusted operating margin. Profitability has become fully the focus for Salesforce over the last six quarters, you can't miss there right now, especially when [sales] growth is decelerating into the single digits as it is only the second time in their company history."The company maintained its full year sales outlook, but lifted its expectations for operating margins. That may spur enthusiasm that Salesforce's various AI initiatives will boost profits.To that end, Benioff teased the coming launch of AgentForce, which features AI sales agents that go beyond chatbots and can resolve customer inquiries. Benioff says more details will be shared in September at the company's closely watched Dreamforce conference.But he tells me the service is a higher margin opportunity and will be priced by conversation. Benioff envisions one billion agents in service by the end of fiscal year 2026.He also says Microsoft has "misled" customers "that they have to do so much heavy lifting on the technology side." Salesforce aims to enable customers to train their models within its platform."They get real value from AI now," he says of Salesforce's offerings."One of the biggest initiatives in the field is around monetizing the AI theme within the Salesforce massive installed base. We believe this is a major land grab opportunity that could significantly benefit Salesforce over the coming years and could increase overall revenue by $4 billion+ annually based on our estimates and field work by 2025," Wedbush analyst Dan Ives wrote in a client note.The earnings rundownNet Sales: $9.33 billion (+8% year over year) vs. $9.23 billion estimate (guidance: $9.2 billion to $9.25 billionCurrent Remaining Performance Obligations: $26.5 billion vs. $26.31 billionAdjusted Operating Margin: 33.7% vs. 31.94% estimateDiluted EPS: $2.56 (+21% year over year) vs. $2.35 estimateStory continuesWhat else caught our attention: the outlookFull-Year Sales Guidance: $37.7 billion to $38 billion vs. $37.84 billion estimate (prior guidance: $37.7 billion to $38 billion)Full-Year Operating Margin Guidance: 32.8% vs 32.52% estimate (prior guidance: 32.5%)Three times each week, I field insight-filled conversations with the biggest names in business and markets on my Opening Bid podcast. Find more episodes on our video hub. Watch on your preferred streaming service. Or listen and subscribe on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or wherever you find your favorite podcasts.In the below Opening Bid episode, DataStax CEO Chet Kapoor reveals what he learned while working alongside Apple (AAPL) co-founder Steve Jobs as a young intern.Brian Sozzi is Yahoo Finance's Executive Editor. Follow Sozzi on X @BrianSozzi and on LinkedIn. Tips on deals, mergers, activist situations, or anything else? Email brian.sozzi@yahoofinance.com.Click here for the latest technology news that will impact the stock marketRead the latest financial and business news from Yahoo FinanceView comments



Title: Yelp Sues Google, Alleging Abuse of Position to Dominate Local Search
Publisher: None
Related Tickers: ['GOOG', 'YELP']
Link: https://finance.yahoo.com/m/53b5f41a-997a-3782-b41c-9fd9896f00aa/yelp-sues-google%2C-alleging.html
Test: 



Title: Yelp sues Google, alleging a search engine monopoly that promotes its own reviews
Publisher: None
Related Tickers: ['GOOG', 'YELP']
Link: https://finance.yahoo.com/m/9274dde6-608e-3ff7-af0e-b71e2eb30589/yelp-sues-google%2C-alleging-a.html
Test: 



Title: Here's Why Alphabet (GOOGL) Fell More Than Broader Market
Publisher: None
Related Tickers: ['GOOG', '^GSPC']
Link: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/heres-why-alphabet-googl-fell-214517243.html
Test: Alphabet (GOOGL) ended the recent trading session at $162.85, demonstrating a -1.11% swing from the preceding day's closing price. The stock trailed the S&P 500, which registered a daily loss of 0.6%. Elsewhere, the Dow lost 0.39%, while the tech-heavy Nasdaq lost 1.12%.Heading into today, shares of the internet search leader had lost 3.29% over the past month, lagging the Computer and Technology sector's gain of 2.97% and the S&P 500's gain of 3.15% in that time.The investment community will be paying close attention to the earnings performance of Alphabet in its upcoming release. The company is forecasted to report an EPS of $1.83, showcasing a 18.06% upward movement from the corresponding quarter of the prior year. Simultaneously, our latest consensus estimate expects the revenue to be $72.79 billion, showing a 13.64% escalation compared to the year-ago quarter.For the annual period, the Zacks Consensus Estimates anticipate earnings of $7.63 per share and a revenue of $296.53 billion, signifying shifts of +31.55% and +15.6%, respectively, from the last year.Investors should also take note of any recent adjustments to analyst estimates for Alphabet. Recent revisions tend to reflect the latest near-term business trends. As a result, we can interpret positive estimate revisions as a good sign for the company's business outlook.Based on our research, we believe these estimate revisions are directly related to near-team stock moves. To utilize this, we have created the Zacks Rank, a proprietary model that integrates these estimate changes and provides a functional rating system.The Zacks Rank system, running from #1 (Strong Buy) to #5 (Strong Sell), holds an admirable track record of superior performance, independently audited, with #1 stocks contributing an average annual return of +25% since 1988. Over the last 30 days, the Zacks Consensus EPS estimate has witnessed a 0.19% increase. Alphabet is currently a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold).Looking at its valuation, Alphabet is holding a Forward P/E ratio of 21.58. This signifies a discount in comparison to the average Forward P/E of 25.57 for its industry.We can additionally observe that GOOGL currently boasts a PEG ratio of 1.23. The PEG ratio bears resemblance to the frequently used P/E ratio, but this parameter also includes the company's expected earnings growth trajectory. The average PEG ratio for the Internet - Services industry stood at 1.75 at the close of the market yesterday.The Internet - Services industry is part of the Computer and Technology sector. This industry currently has a Zacks Industry Rank of 144, which puts it in the bottom 44% of all 250+ industries.Story continuesThe strength of our individual industry groups is measured by the Zacks Industry Rank, which is calculated based on the average Zacks Rank of the individual stocks within these groups. Our research shows that the top 50% rated industries outperform the bottom half by a factor of 2 to 1.Ensure to harness Zacks.com to stay updated with all these stock-shifting metrics, among others, in the next trading sessions.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free reportAlphabet Inc. (GOOGL) : Free Stock Analysis ReportTo read this article on Zacks.com click here.Zacks Investment ResearchView comments



Title: Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) Suffers a Larger Drop Than the General Market: Key Insights
Publisher: None
Related Tickers: ['GOOG']
Link: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/alphabet-inc-goog-suffers-larger-214517210.html
Test: The most recent trading session ended with Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) standing at $164.50, reflecting a -1.13% shift from the previouse trading day's closing. The stock's performance was behind the S&P 500's daily loss of 0.6%. Elsewhere, the Dow lost 0.39%, while the tech-heavy Nasdaq lost 1.12%.Shares of the company have depreciated by 3.19% over the course of the past month, underperforming the Computer and Technology sector's gain of 2.97% and the S&P 500's gain of 3.15%.Investors will be eagerly watching for the performance of Alphabet Inc. in its upcoming earnings disclosure. It is anticipated that the company will report an EPS of $1.83, marking a 18.06% rise compared to the same quarter of the previous year. In the meantime, our current consensus estimate forecasts the revenue to be $72.79 billion, indicating a 13.65% growth compared to the corresponding quarter of the prior year.For the entire fiscal year, the Zacks Consensus Estimates are projecting earnings of $7.63 per share and a revenue of $292.25 billion, representing changes of +31.55% and +13.93%, respectively, from the prior year.Furthermore, it would be beneficial for investors to monitor any recent shifts in analyst projections for Alphabet Inc. These recent revisions tend to reflect the evolving nature of short-term business trends. With this in mind, we can consider positive estimate revisions a sign of optimism about the company's business outlook.Our research reveals that these estimate alterations are directly linked with the stock price performance in the near future. To benefit from this, we have developed the Zacks Rank, a proprietary model which takes these estimate changes into account and provides an actionable rating system.The Zacks Rank system ranges from #1 (Strong Buy) to #5 (Strong Sell). It has a remarkable, outside-audited track record of success, with #1 stocks delivering an average annual return of +25% since 1988. Over the last 30 days, the Zacks Consensus EPS estimate has witnessed a 0.19% increase. Alphabet Inc. is currently a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold).With respect to valuation, Alphabet Inc. is currently being traded at a Forward P/E ratio of 21.8. Its industry sports an average Forward P/E of 25.57, so one might conclude that Alphabet Inc. is trading at a discount comparatively.Investors should also note that GOOG has a PEG ratio of 1.23 right now. This popular metric is similar to the widely-known P/E ratio, with the difference being that the PEG ratio also takes into account the company's expected earnings growth rate. Internet - Services stocks are, on average, holding a PEG ratio of 1.75 based on yesterday's closing prices.Story continuesThe Internet - Services industry is part of the Computer and Technology sector. This industry currently has a Zacks Industry Rank of 144, which puts it in the bottom 44% of all 250+ industries.The strength of our individual industry groups is measured by the Zacks Industry Rank, which is calculated based on the average Zacks Rank of the individual stocks within these groups. Our research shows that the top 50% rated industries outperform the bottom half by a factor of 2 to 1.Be sure to use Zacks.com to monitor all these stock-influencing metrics, and more, throughout the forthcoming trading sessions.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free reportAlphabet Inc. (GOOG) : Free Stock Analysis ReportTo read this article on Zacks.com click here.Zacks Investment ResearchView comments



Title: Is Google Assistant the Best AI Assistant in 2024?
Publisher: None
Related Tickers: ['GOOG']
Link: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/google-assistant-best-ai-assistant-204512986.html
Test: We recently compiled a list of the 11 Best AI Assistants in 2024. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Google Assistant stands against the other AI assistants.As we have mentioned in our article, “10 Most Popular AI Penny Stocks Under $1," the estimated value of the global artificial intelligence market in 2023 was $196.63 billion, and between 2024 and 2030, it is expected to increase at a CAGR of 36.6%.Regionally, in terms of revenue, the North American AI market held a 30.9% share in 2023, while from 2024 to 2030, the artificial intelligence industry in Europe is expected to grow at a significant CAGR of 33.2%, per Grand View Research. Moreover, the artificial intelligence and robotics markets in the United States have advanced significantly, with an estimated valuation of $42.00 billion in 2023.The U.S. Census Bureau survey indicates that industry-specific AI adoption rates differ. The information and professional, scientific, and technical services sectors dominate in this regard, with 18% and 12% of businesses reporting present use of AI, respectively, while agriculture and construction have low AI adoption rates of 1% each.With the launch of ChatGPT, AI technologies are still at the forefront of AI market trends. After launching in November 2022, OpenAI claims that ChatGPT, its AI tool, attracted over a million users in just five days. The Head of AI & Data at Deloitte Switzerland, Marc Beierschoder, is unequivocal on the significance of AI in day-to-day business, stating that "AI is not a passing fad." In the distant past, a dazzling toy that would momentarily enhance a company's reputation for innovation has evolved into a vital instrument for smooth corporate operations. Particularly, employees are already accustomed to using generative AI technologies like ChatGPT and DALL-E, which generate fresh content in the form of text, photos, audio files, or videos.If 2023 was the year that generative AI (Gen AI) was first introduced to the world, then 2024 is the year that businesses really started utilizing this new technology and reaping its benefits. According to the McKinsey Global AI May 30, 2024 Survey, 65% of participants claimed their companies use generative artificial intelligence on a regular basis. This is almost twice as many as the survey's results from just 10 months ago. Respondents' expectations for Gen AI's impact are as high as they were last year, with three-quarters forecasting major or disruptive change in their industry in the next years.Another study by PwC's Global Artificial Intelligence, "Sizing the Prize: Exploiting the AI Revolution," examines the enormous potential that artificial intelligence holds for economies and businesses. According to the study, artificial intelligence could boost GDP in local economies by up to 26% and add an incredible $15.7 trillion to the global economy by 2030. As businesses look to "augment" the productivity of their labor force using AI technology and automate some jobs and roles, advances in labor productivity will fuel initial GDP growth. Additionally, the analysis indicates that by 2030, improvements to products will drive up consumer demand and account for 45% of all economic gains. This is due to the fact that AI will eventually lead to a wider range of products that are more affordable, individualized, and attractive. China and North America stand to gain the most from AI, with China's GDP expected to rise by 26% and 14.5%, respectively, to reach a total of $10.7 trillion, which represents over 70% of the global economic impact.Methodology:To pick out the 11 Best AI Assistants in 2024, we searched the internet for the best AI assistants in 2024 and ranked them based on their number of appearances in our sources, so each appearance got one Insider Monkey score. Then we ranked the list based on the aggregated scores.Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter's strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 275% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 150 percentage points. (see more details here)A user's hands typing a search query into a Google Search box, emphasizing the company's search capabilities.Google AssistantInsider Monkey Score: 15Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL)’s Google Assistant, which debuted in 2016, is the best voice-activated virtual assistant with AI capabilities available. Being the best AI assistant in 2024, it distinguishes itself as a leader in the industry with strong capabilities and a broad range of integrations. Google Assistant is available on a wide range of devices, including headphones, smartphones, home appliances, and cars. Being the most versatile AI assistant, it is compatible with over 50,000 smart home appliances from over 10,000 reputable companies, such as Pandora and YouTube per the company.Among its best features are text and voice input, voice-activated navigation, task completion, appointments, and real-time translation via its Interpreter Mode.Patient Capital Opportunity Equity Strategy stated the following regarding Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) in its Q2 2024 investor letter:“Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) was a top contributor in the second quarter, finally catching up to its peers in the Magnificent 7. The company gained 20.8% in the period following strong first quarter earnings, a new $70B repurchase program (3% of shares outstanding) and the initiation of a cash dividend ($0.20 per share; 0.42% yield). We continue to believe the market underappreciates Google’s exposure to AI with its Gemini model being integrated into search results, YouTube advertising and its cloud offering. We continue to think that the cloud players will be the AI winners in the long-term, with Google being well positioned to take advantage. While the company trades at 24x 2024 earnings, if you remove the money-losing and under-earning businesses, you realize that you are paying below a market multiple for the core Google business. We do not believe there are many other AI winners trading at such an attractive multiple.”Overall GOOGL ranks 1st on our list of the best AI assistants in 2024. While we acknowledge the potential of GOOGL as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter timeframe. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than GOOGL but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about cheapest AI stock. READ NEXT: $30 Trillion Opportunity: 15 Best Humanoid Robot Stocks to Buy According to Morgan Stanley and Jim Cramer Says NVIDIA ‘Has Become A Wasteland’. Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.View comments



Please provide me with the PDF you would like me to summarize. I need the actual content of the PDF to be able to generate a useful and different summary. 
